Revise first steps tutorial (#1330)
model-checking/kani: docs/src/tutorial-first-steps.md

Kani is unlike the testing tools you may already be familiar with.
Much of testing is concerned with thinking of new corner cases that need to be covered.

> With Kani, all the corner cases are covered from the start, and the new concern is narrowing down the scope to something manageable for the verifier.

Author: I get what you're saying, but I liked that the original phrasing:

1. Avoids the word "correct", instead staying closer to the metaphor of testing.
2. Clearly indicates there's a tradeoff of sorts.

I've been trying to figure out a better phrasing, but it's taking me too long. Ok if I just leave this for now?

> With Kani, all the corner cases are covered from the start, and the new concern is narrowing down the scope to something manageable for the verifier.

Reviewer: Sure.

### Getting a trace

By default, Kani only reports failures, not how the failure happened.

> In this running example, it seems obvious what we're interested in (what `x`?) because we just have one unknown input at the start (similar to the property test), but that's something of a special case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this running example, it seems obvious what we're interested in (the value of `x` that caused the failure) because we just have one unknown input at the start (similar to the property test), but that's kind of a special case.
```
